you
all right it is Phil and it's brennan we
are on frozen city night it is time to
rock out I'm in the jager mac six alpha
brandom 256 Aaron I'm going to just
touch kappa here feels a little picked
up a little right straight they got to
AC to s4 streak tues & 2 medium lasers
it's pretty fast 72.3 it's got a
standard 290 in it
right with a theta here too yep are on
our way all right so we have 3d DC's
meaning there have hopefully three big
things that can go boo possibly you're
not always guaranteed it's not not
perfect hey you doing down there I'm
doing pretty good weathers nice tan here
I try to disguise got a little bit more
going on pretty good just hit something
over there don't know what it was
we got some lrms coming apparently we
get a call out at East seven I'm with
our DD CS right now are one fucking baby
sneak behind get two yellow wings as
well be careful where we're not near
there the I'm you said contact we got a
Atlas right here holy crap
pretty much non-stop fire this thing
keep that dr. good
Dallas is pretty much oh just shut down
at la everywhere all right Salas is dead
hallo the hollows caught on terrain he's
stuck I was ah you're not doing too well
get out of there you're being flamed two
down like a tree getting the hell out
wow that dude's got six machine guns
flamers
we've got a few different types targets
over here gah together yeah the ddc
eight if you got taken out
all right jaeger mech is filling that
we got its black cat running around as
well is that yeah there's a catapult
here it's not a splat cat though there's
one with the other in 15 maybe that's
the one I saw I just saw at a full run
aground close range hi just assume yeah
it was launched them I got something
right here cataphract 3 Delta I think
those jump jets are helping you today
buddy he is down there we got Foxtrot
who we got to him dinner
fire on the targets he's down brother
Gao Gao various
he's down we got another target right
here echo
oh oh and ice bullet goth kill Dutch
dreadknot good effect of use I like this
bill runs a little hot even on this map
I was pushing it but obviously the
dissipation rate is just fine 590 damage
and sorry about that but you got taken
out like the very beginning yeah it's
about okay good game good game